+++
title= "[UE4]Scene Assets Collections"
date= "2018-10-17T14:45:02+08:00"
categories= ["UnrealEngine4"]
tags= ["UE4"]
keywords= ["UE4", "Scene", "Assets"]
+++

### Art Studios

https://www.brushify.io/

https://www.mawiunited.com/

https://www.matima-studio.com/assets

http://gkaradayi.com/

http://www.gkaradayi.com/

### Assets Category

##### Foliage

interactive Foliage Collection  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/interactive-foliage-collection

Bushes & Shrubs  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/infinite-bushes-shrubs

##### Sci-fi

Science Laboratory  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/science-laboratory

Post-Apocalyptic Industrial Scene  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/post-apocalyptic-industrial-scene

Futuristic modular top-down rooftop  
https://cubebrush.co/matima-studio/products/cdfga-vJET/futuristic-modular-top-down-rooftop

Sci-Fi Modular Environment  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/sci-fi-modular-environment

Scifi Kitbash Level Builder  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/scifi-kitbash-level-builder

Modular Sci-Fi Laboratory  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/modular-sci-fi-laboratory

##### Ruins

Overgrown Ruins  
https://cubebrush.co/matima-studio/products/txm3yg-vfju/overgrown-ruins

##### Lane & Town

Middle East  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/middle-east

Forgotten Alley  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/forgotten-alley

Modular Seaside Town  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/modular-seaside-town

Modular Overgrown Village Buildings  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/modular-overgrown-village-buildings

##### Wild and Forest

Realistic Wild Pack 02  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/realistic-wild-pack

Brushify.io  
https://www.brushify.io/
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/assets?lang=&q=Brushify

Scanned Poplar and Aspen Forest with Seasons  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/scanned-poplar-and-aspen-forest-with-seasons

https://www.mawiunited.com/

Gokhan Karadayi  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/profile/Gokhan%20Karadayi

Procedural Nature Seasons Pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/procedural-nature-pack-vol-01

PLE - Procedural Landscape Ecosystem
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/procedural-landscape-ecosystem

Environment Set  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/environment-set

Affordable Landscapes - Premium  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/infinite-affordable-landscapes

Redwood Forest Collection  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/redwood-forest-collection

Archmodels for UE Vol 4  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/archmodels-for-ue-vol-04

Landscape Backgrounds  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/photoreal-background-mountains

Forest Trees Plants and Grass  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/forest-trees-plants-and-grass-resubmission-for-release

Photorealistic Landscape Bundle 1  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/photorealistic-landscape-bundle

3D-Scanned, Photo-Realistic Mauritius Asset Pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/3d-scanned-photo-realistic-mauritius-asset-pack

##### Deserts

3D Scanned Canyon - Modular Cliffs + Rocks, Grass and more  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/3d-scanned-canyon-modular-cliffs-rocks-grass-and-more

Brushify - Canyons Pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/brushify-canyons-pack

Desert Town  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/desert-town-01

UE4 - DUNE DESERT LANDSCAPE  
https://www.artstation.com/whammes/store/NXzX/ue4-dune-desert-landscape

##### Rocks and Cliffs 

Cliff Lands (The Narrows)  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/cliff-lands-the-narrows

Quarry Cliffs  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/quarry-cliffs

3D Scanned Canyon - Modular Cliffs + Rocks, Grass and more  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/3d-scanned-canyon-modular-cliffs-rocks-grass-and-more

Modular Cliffs  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/modular-cliffs

White rocks  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/white-rocks

Weathered Rocks and Stones  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/weathered-rocks-and-stones

Stones and Rocks pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/photogrammetry-3d-scan-of-rocks-and-stones-16xpack

Real Rocks and Stones  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/real-rocks-and-stones

Optimized Rocks  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/optimized-rocks

Mega Rock Pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/mega-rock-pack

Rock Pack Pro (Snow And Moss Options available now)  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/rock-pack-pro

Raw Quartz Rock Pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/raw-quartz-rock-pack

##### Island

Island Landscape - A  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/island-landscape-a

Background Island Vista  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/background-island-vista

### Indoor

##### Hall

Mansion Hall  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/mansion-hall

##### Dungeons

Dungeon Ruins  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/dungeon-ruins

Dungeon Areas  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/dungeon-areas

Fantasy Dungeon  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/fantasy-dungeon

Modular tunnel  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/modular-tunnel

Modular Medieval Sewer Dungeon  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/modular-medieval-sewer-dungeon

Multistory Dungeons  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/top-down-multistory-dungeons

Top-Down Dungeons  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/top-down-dungeons

##### Cave

Cave Of Tessellation  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/cave-of-tessellation

### Stylized

Stylized Lost Island  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/stylized-lost-island

Submerged City Asset Pack - Water World Edition - Full package UE4 and FBX  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/submerged-city-asset-pack-water-world-edition-full-package-ue4-and-fbx

Aurora Island  
https://www.artstation.com/artwork/RYKk4m

Animated Pond Fish  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/animated-pond-fish

Stylized Modular Dungeon  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/stylized-top-down-dugeon

Stylized Foliage Pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/stylized-foliage-pack

Crumbling Ruins  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/crumbling-ruins

Medieval Stylized Dungeon Pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/medieval-stylized-modular-dungeon-pack

POLYGON - Dungeon Pack  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/polygon-dungeon-pack

### Sky

Ultra Dynamic Sky  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/ultra-dynamic-sky

Cloudscape Seasons  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/cloudscape-seasons

Sky Pack: 25 Skies  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/25-photorealistic-skies

Fantastic Skies  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/fantastic-skies

### Painting

Modern Paintings Pack Vol. 1  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/modern-paintings-pack-vol

### Modular 

Modular Convenience Store With Products  
https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/modular-convenience-store-with-products

### Toturials

Create 3D Landscapes with Brushify  
https://80.lv/articles/create-3d-landscapes-with-brushify/

Modular Photogrammetry in Environment Design  
https://www.artstation.com/artwork/e2qbP

UE4 Scene: Materials, Lighting, Water  
https://80.lv/articles/003qxl-ue4-scene-materials-lighting-water/

Reimagining The Past of Hanamura from Overwatch  
https://80.lv/articles/reimagining-the-past-of-hanamura-from-overwatch/

UE4 Cloud Creation Tutorial  
https://80.lv/articles/ue4-cloud-creation-tutorial/

Creating a Snowy Forest in UE4  
https://80.lv/articles/001agt-004adk-creating-a-snowy-forest-in-ue4/

Crafting an Scene inspired by RDR2  
https://80.lv/articles/003qxl-crafting-an-scene-inspired-by-rdr2/

Brushify - Using Procedural Foliage in Unreal Engine 4 (Tutorial)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N1QeIRp66p8

Woodbound: Making a Living World with Wind in UE4  
https://80.lv/articles/woodbound-making-a-living-world-with-wind-in-ue4/

Environment in Unreal: Finding the Perfect Look  
https://80.lv/articles/001agt-003qxl-3d-environment-in-unreal-breakdown/

***
`所谓的诗和远方，不过是要把眼前的苟且熬过了才有。`